# bigbull

Machine learning models are becoming increasingly prevalent in algorithmic trading and investment management. However, the financial market is a dynamic and complex system, and is influenced by many factors that are subject to uncertainty. Hence, it is quite hard to predict or forecast the stock market movements. However, the goal of the project is very similar to Paper Trading where we can back test our trading strategies on historical data.

Further, this project is divided into three steps in order to build an efficient algorithmic trading system. First, the system contains deep learning recurrent neural network models to generate stock market price predictions using univariate and multivariate time series forecasting models. Here, we will compare the performance of state-of-art models with the more efficient recurrent neural network models to forecast the time series data such as the close price of the stock market. Secondly, we will evaluate the impact of external factors like human emotions and news sentiment on the financial market using Natural Language Processing. For evaluating the impact of news on stock price prediction, we added the sentiment polarity of particular news using VADER sentiment analyzer into independent features of the Multivariate time series model. We discovered that the multivariate models with sentiment polarity were more robust and reliable than univariate time series models on the same dataset. Lastly, we will compare various trading strategies like short, medium and long span Exponential Moving Average, Moving Average Convergence-Divergence and Money Flow Index that take the model predictions as inputs and generate Buy and Sell signals based on different stock market signals and indicators. Later, we calculated the Profit and Loss percentage based on the buy and sell signals generated by various trading strategies to evaluate their performance on different stocks.

Bigbull, a fintech consulting team which provides traders a one stop solution to empower their trading strategies, analyze the fluctuation in financial markets along with their sentiments thereby maximizing their profits.
